Added checks for detecting when coroutine functions are passed into functions that expect coroutine objects. (#2006)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/newsfragments/1593.feature.rst

> :meth:`cocotb.scheduler.Scheduler.add` and :meth:`cocotb.decorators.RunningTask.__init__` will now raise a descriptive :class:`TypeError` if a coroutine function is passed into them.

Reviewer: I'd not be too explicit, users aren't that aware of the internals. 
```suggestion
:meth:`cocotb.fork` will now raise a descriptive :class:`TypeError` if a coroutine function is passed into them.
```
